Let's do this.
Ahh.
So, the ticket is this one, right?
So.
The current.
Sharing.
Okay.
That one? Is this too big?
I can make it smaller.
Ahh.
I mean, it's the caption is really small.
Like that.
Ohh, way better, yeah.
Eng.
Yeah, like this is way better. OK,
so basically,
And so...
time zone issue for transport,
total loading, performance date,
find the following mismatch.
No, it's not this one.
Ha.
Basically,
this one is like we have two different
dates and we don't know like which one of
those means whether it's loading date or
performance date because currently I
think that like when we...
I mean,
one of the two dates we populate when we
create a transport order, basically.
So like the question is like,
what is the difference between those two
dates?
Because I think that if I remember
correctly,
like when we checked those with Max.
I think that one of them had a time after
the date and the other one did not have a
time after the date.
So pretty much the question was which one
I.
Eng.
should we use,
which one should we populate or something
Ohh.
like this.
But this does not have to do anything
with the question that we, that we.
Five.
Discuss today at the day.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And for that one,
there is no ticket for the other one.
For the other one,
I think that we have just raised the
question. I mean, because I, it's like,
I'm not sure what type of ticket we need
to raise. If anything,
we need to raise probably a TMS behavior
Mhm.
drift item. But, but like,
I don't see what else we can we can raise
for for this thing.
I see.
Yeah, and I mean,
we could trace it just for a consistency,
Go.
I guess, but like,
I don't think that we need the...
Mm.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
I definitely want to document that.
So is the thing you described is
basically what we need to document.
If you describe it here,
we have it recorded by the transcription.
And I can then use that maybe.
Because you said already a few things
that
The database always stores German time
zone, right?
P.
This is our observation, yeah.
That's the observation, okay.
And, like, first of all, like,
which is the column? The column is called,
just let me find the exact column,
but it's...
It's for just a second.
It's called U time and it basically
stands for update time,
I mean the time when the record was last
updated.
Sure, yeah.
So what we did, yeah,
what we did was we tried to,
I'll just share in a second,
just want to find the exact field because
I'm not.
I mean, I have it, if it helps.
A.
If you share it, that would be nice, yeah.
It's on all it's on multiple color tables,
of course, you that's.
Yeah,
but this is in the send and I think we
had it in one of the in one of the
Yes.
In one of the views, basically, yeah, but.
..
Cannot find exactly which one, though.
I think Sonia added it somewhere because
we did not have it initially.
Thanks.
Uh-huh.
But can't find which one it was.
Most likely the pickup one, but I'm not.
OK.
Think it.
Where is your time?
On.
There is a TPP. What's TPP? One second.
Okay.
This is the.
Made your table.
Oh yeah, there it is, there it is, yeah,
this is the new time, yeah,
and basically like what this column is,
it's like you see it's a time stamp
without time zone, basically.
Um, you time, what is TPP?
Um...
Uh,
it's the it's the sub query they have
created there.
Here.
That one, right?
Yeah, it's taken out of the sandbox table,
basically,
but it's like a subset of the SQL,
the of the sandbox table that you're
Yeah.
taking, I guess. So, yeah, the thing...
This all falls to TPP.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
And you time is as one and as one is.
This one.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I mean, like, in this is,
I can share now, I guess.
Yeah.
Yeah, you can.
So basically you see here in the database,
it's saved as timestamp without time zone.
Mm-hmm.
So like we can't know like how we can
properly parse this date.
We did the test and we pretty much what
we did is we assigned a lake to a
transport order. This U time does update,
which is generally good because this
Mhm.
proves that we can use this time for
tracking basically.
Mhm.
But the issue is that it saves like
without time zone and like if for example
Mmh.
we executed in the 12th Bulgarian time it
saves as 11.
So we assume that it's German time zone
plus one.
Matt.
Uh-huh.
So,
but the thing is that this is an
assumption and there is absolutely no
guarantee that this would be the case,
like for the other databases which they
have, because I mean,
Mhm.
I personally do not have any idea where
those databases are hosted,
Yeah.
in which time zone,
because that saving of this date would
depend mostly, I believe, on the
on the location,
on the time zone in which the database is
Mmh.
hosted.
I see.
So the question is like,
what is the assumption which is okay from
business point of view,
this is not from business,
but more like deployment point of view
for us to make? Because if we know,
for example,
that all of the databases are hosted in
Yeah.
German time zone, then this makes it like,
quite consistent and we can just safely
parse those timestamps with German time
zone and that would work essentially when
we compare the dates.
Yeah.
But what we need is just some sort of
confirmation that this is an okay
Mhm.
assumption to make.
Uh-huh.
Because otherwise,
there is no way for us to know when this
Yeah.
update took place, basically.
And another thing,
True.
because I don't think that we have like a
connection to the Oracle databases yet,
it's worth checking like what is the
format of this date there, for example,
in the sentence table.
how do they store this U time there?
Because it might be different,
there might be some differences. I mean,
we know that,
we know that like the fields are named
the same way, but we don't have,
because for example,
time stamp without time zone,
I'm not sure exactly to what type it
corresponds to in Oracle, for example. So.
Mm.
Yeah.
It could be the case that they save time
zones there and it's just a post-gray
issue.
No, no.
But we, I mean, until we have, like,
we don't have like a Oracle instance to
check at least such the topics, I mean,
it's it seems,
Yeah.
do we have some credentials for this
Oracle database just to?
Not yet.
Yep, OK.
I mean,
all Postgres exclusively states time
stamp without time zone,
so I would say it supports time stones
with time stamp with time zone, obviously.
And that leads me to believe that is
intentionally,
but we need to take care of it.
To be honest, like I think it's a mistake,
honestly,
Yeah.
because it really doesn't make sense.
I mean,
their assumption was that this was going
to be like that,
if this the only the reasonable,
the only viable reason why they might
have decided to go.
for time stamp without time zone for this
particular field is that they assume that
all of the databases will be hosted in
Germany, for example,
Um...
in or in German time zone machine.
Actually,
all date time fields are without time
zone alone. In Zendong, we have 5.
Six, 7, 8, 9,
10 fields all time stamp without time
P.
zone.
Yeah, yeah, but for example,
that that makes sense when it comes to
dates which are which are related to the
to the whole transport order and the
duration of the trip, because,
for example,
you say you want to be at the client that,
let's say...
10 o'clock in the morning. I mean,
this is obviously 10 o'clock in the
morning in the time zone where the client
is located, let's say.
Yeah.
So it makes sense to keep those days
there without time zone.
True.
But when it comes to when it comes to
update time creation time and like
basically time stamps you used to.
Track what happened when?
Yeah.
do it from the USA and you don't know
like when this update did actually take
Mhm.
place.
Yeah,
so I think I know where it comes from.
In the old world,
all desktop clients are running on the
physical same network, in the same city,
in the same location.
There was no need for time zone
flexibility.
Could be, could be.
So, but with new disco,
we access several branches which could be
in different time zones.
That's the real underlying question to
ask.
Mhm.
Yeah, alright, got it.
So, so yeah,
basically we need to know what,
if there is any sufficient assumption
which we can make in order for us to use
this data consistently across, across,
let's say, databases,
Yeah.
It.
like the least information that we need,
the least bit of information we need.
Huh?
is how this situation looks like for 1060,
the one which we're going to connect.
I mean,
this is the least thing that we need.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
So, yeah,
this is this is actually the case that
Is that?
we're facing.
Probably we, yeah,
but that's already solution thinking.
If there is no time zone in the branch,
you probably will need a time zone
information on the branch.
info in the key secret manager or
wherever.
But let's first get approved this
assumption.
And then we can go from there.
Like,
I believe that most of them would be
Yeah.
hosted probably with German time zone,
but like, we need discomfort. I mean,
we can't just shoot in the dark and say,
okay,
this is an assumption we're going to make.
Somebody from their side should confirm
Yeah.
this or say how the situation exactly is.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I agree.
Today.
Yeah.
Good, then I will get this verified.
And like, do we have another topic?
Because I probably have an additional
thing which we can discuss. I mean,
if you have like 2, 3 minutes more.
Mm.
Yeah,
I don't have one or you can of course go
on now, yeah.
Okay,
so basically I had a discussion with
Vessi right before lunch.
Let me just open this item.
Mhm.
So what you observed is basically, like,
for example,
let's say we add the configuration,
for example, fixed time restrictions,
which make the calculation to fail,
something like this. I mean, it's there,
which you are showing.
when the calculation fails.
The issue is that even the calculation
Mhm.
fails and that the transport order dates
are already out of date because the
And.
calculation failed and we have
unaccounted for the latest changes that
Mhm.
we have made. Basically, the dates
Mhm.
Still, still are as they used to be.
Mhm.
So this could be confusing as if I place
myself in the situation of a user,
if I have, for example,
if somebody else did this calculation and
Yeah.
they failed,
and I go to this transport order and I
see the dates, for me,
this would still mean that I would have
absolutely no clue that something like
this happened.
Mhm.
And I'll see the dates populated and I'll
probably it's a they'll think that this
transport order, for example,
is calculated in its shape to be planned,
Uh-huh.
but this is wrong because the calculation
is out of date, and yeah,
Mhm.
like we have created this as a...
TMS behavior drift. Why?
Because basically,
Yeah.
like they have the utilities,
I mean they have the function which can
edit this date in the TMS. So basically,
what I believe they can do,
Yeah.
or like for example,
we should do if they allow us to do it,
but pretty much just need to be synced
with them.
We can delete those dates because they
are already out of date if the
calculation fails.
Mum.
Yeah, that's a good point.
It's a sync state mismatch.
And.
Because otherwise, even if it fails,
I'll still see some dates. For example,
I might also see we have situations where,
for example,
we see some tour points with dates,
another with no dates populated,
which is also kind of inconsistent
behavior.
And...
So basically, this, I think,
probably is a topic to address, I think,
Yeah.
with Joachim,
because I think this is the correct
Mhm.
person to address this thing to.
Yeah. Is this?
This is a ticket on our system.
So he is.
Is the transport order ID documented and
the environment where it was done?
Yeah.
I mean, I can find you a transport order,
but I can't guarantee it would stay the
same until Joachim is back. So basically,
like what we can do is probably once he's
Yeah.
back,
I can find you one transport order which
reproduces this behavior and we can start
from there. But like,
I don't think it's a good idea to give
you one now because somebody might change
Yeah.
it until
The.
Is he back on Monday or?
Good question. I think he's another week.
But I have different contacts by now.
Oh, wow.
I mean, been there all the time,
but they are surfacing way more right now
Okay.
because he's away.
One is this guy called Andre.
And then we have...
Turn off, right?
Correct. And then we have Reinhardt.
I can also ask.
Yeah.
So I would just write it to a pool of
people and see you get back.
Okay.
Okay, just, just...
The general question would be,
shouldn't we make those dates know if the
calculation fails?
This is the general question which we
Yeah.
need to post there. Basically,
this is the ticket I'll send it to you
Matt.
directly, which we have created for this.
I won't change in the meeting,
Yeah.
I directly post in the chat with you.
Yes.
So, uh, yeah, I mean,
it's something which is at least worth
going over with.
One of them.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK.
Okay.
I mean, what would help here is really...
The exact.
Call image.
Let me check.
you know, to make them,
to enable them to reproduce,
but they should be so anyway when we have
concrete transport order IDs all good.
Yeah.
I mean, basically, it's not, I mean,
it's not like a particular transport
Yeah.
XALT.
order, which is only producing this.
Basically,
this is an issue when the calculation
fails for whatever reason, basically.
True.
I mean,
it does not matter the exact reproducer
Play.
steps or the exact dates which we post as
a restriction,
Yeah.
but like it's a general question when the
calculation fails.
True, it's two strings. One,
what is the issue precisely and how to
To.
fix it, and two,
how to handle the sync state after errors.
Yeah.
Mhm, mhm.
Yeah, that makes sense.
So, so yeah, I can,
I'll probably I can find one and check it
just to just to probably I'll find one
quite old,
so probably no one would touch it,
but yeah,
this is this is a question which we which
we have like in the situation which we
need to discuss at least with them.
Yeah, yeah, Matt.
Okay.
Yeah.
Good.
So, I'll get this sorted out.
Okay,
and I'll try to find one where this is
Okay.
sort of producing,
so you can showcase them.
Mhm.
Mmh.
Okay.
Good.
Just send it in the chat or put it in
this ticket.
Whatever is better.
Uh, for the exact, yeah, okay, okay,
once I find it, I'll just add it, yeah.
No, OK.
Sure.
Great.
Okay.
Thanks A lot.
Good Friday afternoon and a good weekend.
Yep.
To you as well, to you as well.
Speak to you again on Monday, yeah?
Thanks A lot.
Yep, you then.
Thank you, bye.